# Reflection

## Question 1 (50 words)
#### When and why should you use a function like `carefulSubract` rather than `subtract`? 
It’s useful to have a function with tests built into it when you aren’t in full control of the data being inputted. If you were iterating through two item long objects in an array, using this function to produce the difference, you may not know what type of data is in each object. In this case, getting feedback from the function is very useful.

## Question 2 (100 words)
#### What are `data types`, and how does data typing work in JavaScript? Name at least 4 built-in data JS data types. 
Data types are the variations of characteristics and intractability data might have. Javascript cannot interpret how exactly you intend to use a certain input of data without it being formatted as or within a proper data type. Take the number 1 for example; on its own javascript only understands it as a Number datatype. If I place it in quotes (“1”) it becomes a String and cannot be used in mathematics, but it can be used to convey information or as comparator. If I place it inside an Object ( {‘1’ : 1} ) or an Array ( [1] ), it is still the same datatype, however Javascript now also understands that it is embedded within a potential collection of datatypes.

## Question 3 (100 words)
#### What is the advantage to storing information as an object (`{firstName: 'Italo', lastName: 'Calvino', profession: 'novelist' }`) rather than as an array (`['Italo', 'Calvino', 'novelist']`)? Are there any disadvantages?
The advantage is that if one has the keys for an object, they can select the item they want from within the object without having to iterate through it like an array or needing to know its specific index number. Having keywords can also provide some context to the item’s purpose which can help when interacting with that data. The downside is that knowing the keys is essential for properly interacting with the data. Moreover, it is much easier with an array to iterate over large amounts of data that do not require further context.

## Question 4 (150 words)
#### The function `sentences` transforms a data structure (in this case, a list of object literals) into a sequence of sentences. If the data structure were less predictable (e.g., if some properties of each object were occasionally missing, or if their data type was not always the same), what programming techniques could you use to ensure that your function produced a coherent output? Also, can you think of a more interesting "transform" that could be done with the same data structure?
The solution here depends on what you intend to do with the data within the array. There was a clear goal of listing out the prime ministers in this version of the sentences function. If one wanted to retain that goal they would have to either offer different potential strings to return based on what information they could find, or return an error in the data set. Alternatively if one wanted to simply construct a sentence based on whatever data they were given, on could design a more complex function with branching paths which ad libbed together a sentence together based on what data types it found. As for an alternative way to transform the original data structure is to produce a string based on the collective information of every prime minister in the array. Using a number of If statements and modifiable variables you could construct a string like “between 1896 and 1926 the Liberal government reigned for 10 years and the Conservative government reigned for 10 years.”